Conscious Creativity

# Our Story

## The story so far...

Fallow was founded by three individuals in May 2019, two chefs Jack Croft and William Murray, and career entrepreneur James Robson. The essence of this combination makes up much of Fallows DNA, where conscious culinary creativity meets hospitality experience and passion. What followed from this meeting were a series of sold-out residencies to establish Fallow as one of the most exciting restaurant concepts on the UK restaurant scene. Fallow’s permanent home in St James’s market was established in November 2021 and has since attracted a string of awards including both the Marie Claire and GQ ‘sustainable restaurant of the year’ and the Caterer award for ‘best new restaurant’. 

_Keep yourself updated by following us on_ _[Instagram](https://instagram.com/fallowrestaurant)__. For collaborations please contact marketing@fallowrestaurant.com For business opportunities please contact James Robson at office@jamesrobson.com._

## Jack Croft

London born Jack was thrust into the kitchen from a young age working alongside his father the executive chef at Calcot Manor. Jack spent 6 years honing his skills at Dinner by Heston Blumenthal also Experiences at El Cellar De can Roca, a stint in Bordeaux and accolades from the Annual Awards of Excellence have shaped Jack into an exciting talent in the London food scene.

[jack@fallowrestaurant.com](mailto:jack@fallowrestaurant.com)

## Will Murray

Will has worked in restaurants around the UK since studying at Birmingham University. Four years at Dinner by Heston and experiences at The Fat Duck, The Clove Club, Core and Royal Hospital Road have shaped Will into an incredibly passionate and exciting chef with an ardent appreciation and interest in sustainable food practices and British produce.

[will@fallowrestaurant.com](mailto:will@fallowrestaurant.com)

## James Robson

James Robson has 25 years’ experience of growing and advising F & B brands and surrounds himself with an exceptional team of individually minded, hands on, operationally savvy industry experts. Following a decade of growth at Mews of Mayfair, from inception to board handover, James branched out in 2018 to form Robson Hospitality Partners to cover all aspects of F & B development. RHP is a collective of industry experienced professionals predominantly specialising in openings, operations, growth strategies and procurement. We simply love food, drink and customers which is at the forefront of everything we meticulously plan and efficiently implement. We are passionate about what we do and can draw from an abundance of resources and relationships to assist International and UK companies achieve their strategic goals.

[office@jamesrobson.com](mailto:office@jamesrobson.com)

[robsonhospitality.com](https://robsonhospitality.com/)